Add EmonCMS Addon (#268)
frenck/awesome-home-assistant: README.md

- [Home Panel](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-home-panel) - A touch-compatible web frontend for controlling the home.
- [Hass.io Google Drive Backup](https://github.com/sabeechen/hassio-google-drive-backup) - A complete and easy to configure solution for backing up your snapshots to Google Drive.
- [Grocy](https://github.com/hassio-addons/addon-grocy) - ERP beyond your fridge! A groceries & household management solution for your home.

> - [EmonCMS](https://github.com/inverse/hassio-addon-emoncms) - Emoncms is a powerful open-source web-app for processing, logging and visualising energy, temperature and other environmental data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [EmonCMS](https://github.com/inverse/hassio-addon-emoncms) - A powerful open-source web app for processing, logging, and visualizing energy, temperature, and other environmental data.
```
